chore: update docs for provider (#739)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/get-started/terraform.md

- Environment
- Instance
- Instance Role
- More to come

<hint-block type="info">

> The Bytebase Provider itself is free to use. The operation for the resource depends on your subscription plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bytebase Provider itself is free to use. Some advanced resource operations require TEAM or ENTERPRISE plan.
```
